hey what's up I'm Chris this is my wife
Candace she follows shanty to chic calm
and solve these sconces on decided that
you want to make them so she asked for
my help
they're really easy to make all you need
is a two by six so let's show you how we
did
we're going to make all three Scouts
from this one eight point two five six
so I'm going to go ahead and cut the
pieces down on the sides I need three 21
inch pieces and three five and half inch
pieces so I'm gonna go ahead and cut
those on the chop saw the first need a
square put in now we've got blue tape on
it to prevent tear-out
all right so cana says all the pieces
stained so what we're going to do is I
cut this three and a half inch spacer
block so that we know where to put the
shelves at but I'm going to put the
spacer block on there put a little glue
glue it down clamp it turn it over and
screw it in so all that can does do all
that
alright so now I'm going to install some
of these key hood hangers which I picked
up from the home store a minute ago I'm
going to install one on each scotts
maybe an inch from the top and Center it
in the middle so here's the result of
the first one no all I have is this
small fourth content and a quarter a
chisel so on the next one I'm not going
to worry about trying to keep this curve
you just took a little bit too long so
I'll go ahead and show you what I did I
saw later here and I marked around with
a pencil I'm going to go ahead and score
the lines with the razor blade do have
this little knot here which is really
hard so I don't know how that's going to
affect cutting it might be a little
messy
like I said I'm not going to worry about
following the curve I'm just going to
make a square go shallow Morris let's
test it out here little tight on this
side I think that's going to be good on
the initial depth so now this Forster
bit that I have already just happens to
fit right inside this little hole here
I've got a VIX bit so it's going to it's
a self centering bit so that's when we
use them make sure I get the holes
perfectly same well I don't normally do
this by hand but I don't feel like
screws are going along not really
worried about stripping these screws up
tee and then we'll do it time to put
them on the wall
hey what's up your wife um don't touch
change no no not a change it
having that way nobody taught me how